things
hello girls welcome to my channel my
name is marta for those who do not
they know and are uploading videos
Monday and Thursday this time
I bring a video of two treatments
natural for our nails when
we have our yellow nails and
we have very brittle I hope that they
help and let's start with the good pib
girls for the first treatment when
we have our yellow nails
we're going to need half of a milk
lemon and something something like that to put
can put your hand we will put the
letter
let's put half of the lemon what
let's mix
let's put our nails like this and
we will have here 10 to 15 minutes
We can do this 2 to 3 times
week
good girls remember that every time
let's go paint our nails
we must use a base to create a
layer between our nail and the enamel for
that we do not get yellow air
different brand I'm going to show you
the ones that I have in which I use myself
use these these two use this
for the second treatment when
we have our nails very brittle and
we do not grow this treatment is something
super easy what we are going to need
because we all have it at home what
first thing we're going to need is oil
extra virgin olive
a clove of garlic because this is the most
great that me and I have but if it has
one bigger one because it's better and a
little pot of these of the enamels
so we can clean it we can do it
with nail polish remover and what we're going to do
First, split the garlic into pieces
I would say in little
that they remain like this
and we will uncover the bottle
let's put the we're going to put all
everyone in here I left them a little
great but you can leave them
a little bit smaller so that for
make it easier to put them
here since we have garlic like this here in
the bottle is going to put oil
olive
this is going to be stored in the fridge
four days after those four days
we're going to start using it no longer
I'm going to smell so much down when
we make
we can use it
and leave us 15 minutes or after
that you have applied your enamel also what
you can use and well the truth that this one
les bowie that will help you very much
this will grow your nails good
friends these treatments I know that a
Many will help you because sometimes
we have problems with our nails that
you do not believe us
that we have them very brittle and this
treatment will help them a lot and
they tell me if they dare to do it I know
that this will grow your nails and
they are going to have them alive and friends are not
forget to participate in my raffle can
comment as many times as you want you can
every time they comment they can
share I hope that they are encouraged to
participate those that you still do not and
tell me if you like this kind of
videos that you are uploading this way of
natural treatments
good friends we will be seeing in the
next video